Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/proxyless.md

---
title: Proxyless
test: n/a
---

> Proxyless refers to a {{< gloss >}}data plane mode{{< /gloss >}} that runs without proxies by instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proxyless refers to a [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) that runs without proxies by instead
```
